KhulaNathi Donation Management App
Overview
The KhulaNathi Donation Management App is a Windows Forms application developed using .NET Framework. It allows users to manage donor profiles, organizations, farm products, and donations. The app also allows tracking of donations and links them to both donors and organizations.

Prerequisites
Before running the application, ensure that the following software and extensions are installed:

1. .NET Framework 4.7.2 or higher
Download and install from: Download .NET Framework
2. Visual Studio 2022 or later
Download and install from: Download Visual Studio
During installation, ensure you select the .NET desktop development workload.

Project Setup
1.Repository

git https://github.com/st10435769/Group3.git
2. Open the Solution in Visual Studio
Launch Visual Studio.
Open the solution file (KhulaNathiApp.sln) from the project folder.
3. Restore NuGet Packages
Once the solution is opened, Visual Studio will automatically restore any required NuGet packages. If not, right-click on the solution and select Restore NuGet Packages.
4. Build the Solution
In Visual Studio, build the solution by selecting Build > Build Solution or pressing Ctrl+Shift+B.
5. Run the Application
Once the build is successful:

Press F5 or click on Start to run the application.
The application will open up with the main login and registration form. You can proceed to register and start using the application.
Features
Login/Registration: Users can register and log in.
Donors Management: Add, edit, delete donor profiles.
Organizations Management: Manage organizations that are part of the donation program.
Farm Products Management: Keep track of farm products.
Donations Management: Add, edit, and manage donation records linked to donors and organizations.
How to Use
Login/Register: First-time users should register using the registration form.
Donors Page: After login, navigate to the Donors page to add or manage donor profiles.
Organizations Page: Add and manage organizations involved in receiving donations.
Farm Products Page: Manage and track farm product details.
Donations Page: Add and manage donations, linking them to specific donors and organizations.
Final Summary Page: View all details (donors, organizations, products, and donations) on the final page.
Troubleshooting
Build Errors: Make sure that all necessary NuGet packages are restored, and the correct version of .NET Framework is installed.

Contact
For any issues or suggestions, please reach out to:

Email: ndibsnematswerabi@gmail.com
